## Checklist before the Demo or any Dry Run ##

## Cluster Check - Restart Docker for Desktop so that all the threads are active. After it is up , run below command :

kubectl cluster-info --> You should get information about Kubernetes master , KubeDNS and Metrics-server.

## Verify Monitoring setup we have done for our application.

#####################
# Monitoring Checks #
#####################

1) Check if 'watch' utility is working fine or now. Run any watch command to see
Example - watch kubectl get pods
                or
Check if 'k9s' is working by running the command - k9s      
          
2) Check if you are able to access kubernetes dashboard and all the namespaces are getting listed over there that you have created in setup document.
3) Access any namespace and see pods getting listed over there with metrics-server available.
4) Check if istioctl is running
5) export INGRESS_HOST=127.0.0.1

Dashboard URL : http://localhost:8001/api/v1/namespaces/kubernetes-dashboard/services/https:kubernetes-dashboard:/proxy/#/overview?namespace=default


######################
# Application Checks #
######################

## Verify all the pods status under the different namespaces that we created as part of setup

#######################
# Gremlin Application #
#######################

kubectl --namespace twflix-microservice-gremlin-state get pods 
# For this , pod can be in error status.

kubectl --namespace twflix-microservice get pods 
# For this , all pods should be in running status , run below command to verify :
curl -H "Host: twflix-ui.acme.com" "http://$INGRESS_HOST?addr=http://twflix-microservice" --> This should return Version and Release.
kubectl --namespace twflix-microservice describe virtualservice twflix-microservice --> This should show the spec of for hostname.


############################
# ChaosToolKit Application #
############################

kubectl --namespace twflix-microservice-chaos-state get pods 
# For this , pod can be in error status.

kubectl --namespace twflix-microservice-chaos-resource-1 get pods
kubectl --namespace twflix-microservice-chaos-resource-2 get pods
# For this , all pods should be running one app and one db.

kubectl --namespace twflix-microservice get pods 
# For this , all pods should be in running status , run below command to verify :
curl -H "Host: twflix-ui.acme.com" "http://$INGRESS_HOST?addr=http://twflix-microservice" --> This should return Version and Release.
kubectl --namespace twflix-microservice describe virtualservice twflix-microservice --> This should show the spec of for hostname.

########################
# Tool Specific Checks #
########################

#Gremlin -> 

1) Verify that gremlin dashboard is accessible at URL : https://app.gremlin.com/ and you are logged in successfully.
2) Under the attack -> Verify that Kubernetes resources are listed successfully by creating New Attack.
3) Verify the namespace section while creating a attack.
4) Run a attack for resource or network to see that it is not going into error state. (Preferably - Network so that it does not impact setup)

#ChaosToolKit ->

1) Verify that you are in virtual environment by using command -> which python3 or which python whatever alias you have setup for python.
# As we have setup all chaostoolkit in virtual environment. So make sure it returns env.
2) Make sure you have all the required plugins installed - chaosToolKit Kubernetes and chaosToolKit Istio
3) Go to the path where discovery.json is present for chaostoolkit kubernetes plugin and run chaos init command to see if its working fine.
4) Run a network abort attack to see that is working fine.



####################################### Checklist - Complete ###########################################





