#################
# Watch or k9s Utility #
#################

Install one of these

brew install watch (For Mac)
            or
brew install k9s (For Mac)

##############################
# Setup Kubernetes Dashboard #
##############################

#The Dashboard UI is not deployed by default. To deploy it, run the following command:

kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/dashboard/v2.0.0-beta8/aio/deploy/recommended.yaml

kubectl proxy --> # This has to run always.

#Kubectl will make Dashboard available at
http://localhost:8001/api/v1/namespaces/kubernetes-dashboard/services/https:kubernetes-dashboard:/proxy/#/overview?namespace=default

#######################
# Login to Kubernetes #
#######################

#But you would need a token to login into the UI Dashboard, which can be created using following steps.

#Create dashboard-adminuser.yaml file , same has been attached in the same guide directory.

https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard/blob/master/docs/user/access-control/creating-sample-user.md

#Run below command to create the adminuser -

kubectl apply -f dashboard-adminuser.yaml

#Run below command and copy the value of token and paste it in the UI Dashboard Token field. :

kubectl -n kubernetes-dashboard describe secret $(kubectl -n kubernetes-dashboard get secret | sls admin-user | ForEach-Object { $_ -Split '\s+' } | Select -First 1)

# Copy the token and login to Kubernetes Dashboard

##########################################
# Kubernetes - Metrics Server (Optional) #
##########################################

############
# Option 1 #
############

kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server/releases/download/v0.3.7/components.yaml

############
# Option 2 #
############

git clone https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server.git
cd metrics-server
kubectl apply -f deploy/kubernetes/

# To check if metrics-server is running or not -

kubectl get pods --all-namespaces | grep metrics-server

# Command to Delete Deployment :
kubectl delete deployment -n kube-system metrics-server

#Verify Dashboard to see that changes are reflected or not. In case it is not reflecting restart kubernetes dashboard by kubectl proxy.

#Make sure to make below changes in the metrics-server-deployment.yaml, in case you are unable to fetch the metrics after metrics-server deployment -

#Run command or Use any Editor to edit the metrics-server yaml:

kubectl edit deploy -n kube-system metrics-server

Add the following four lines under spec:spec:containers.** I put it before the "image" k8s.gcr.io/metris-server-amd64:v0.3.6" line, like so:
  - args:
    - --kubelet-insecure-tls
    - --kubelet-preferred-address-types=InternalIP,ExternalIP,Hostname
    - --metric-resolution=30s
  image: k8s.gcr.io/metrics-server-amd64:v0.3.6 # This line is included for reference and was already present
    #The metric-resolution=30s line is NOT required. It just changes the refresh rate from the default of 60 seconds to 30.

#Add the following line at the spec:spec level outside of the previous containers level:
      hostNetwork: true
      restartPolicy: Always # This line is included for reference and was already present
#Save your changes and wait a bit for metrics to be gathered. kubectl top nodes and kubectl top pods should now hopefully display useful information.

# For reference adding the same yaml in this guide itself.

