#Step-1 
Open your Gremlin Dashboard which was setup as part of Gremlin Setup document.

#Step-2
Visit the attack creation page to start testing your infrastructure.

#Step-3
On the Attack page , it will ask you to select Hosts , Containers or Kubernetes. You will get the result as per your infrastructure but as part of this setup ,
you will see some numbers coming up in Kubernetes. Select Kubernetes.

#Step-4
Under Kubernetes , select your application namespace that you created as part of application setup.

#Step-5
Accordingly , you have to choose the target objects that whether you want to specifically target some objects or attack all objects.
You will see the selected objects on the same page and you can also select deselect basis on percentage.

#Step-6
Next step is to select the Attack. So as part of Free Account , we have limited attacks available. In this attack , we will create State -> Shutdown.
Then we will select some configurable values like Delay , Reboot and then click on Unleash Gremlin.

#Step-7 
In last step , we will see the progress of attack and its result.

These are the steps of creating very basic attack.

Information about other attacks under State Category :

State Gremlins
State gremlins introduce chaos into your infrastructure so that you can observe how well your service handles it or fails.

Gremlin Attacks and their Impact
Shutdown -> Performs a shutdown (and an optional reboot) on the host operating system to test how your system behaves when losing one or more cluster machines.
Time Travel -> Changes the host’s system time, which can be used to simulate adjusting to daylight saving time and other time-related events.
Process Killer -> Kills the specified process, which can be used to simulate application or dependency crashes. 

 


