#Step-1 
Open your Gremlin Dashboard which was setup as part of Gremlin Setup document.

#Step-2
Visit the attack creation page to start testing your infrastructure.

#Step-3
On the Attack page , it will ask you to select Hosts , Containers or Kubernetes. You will get the result as per your infrastructure but as part of this setup ,
you will see some numbers coming up in Kubernetes. Select Kubernetes.

#Step-4
Under Kubernetes , select your application namespace that you created as part of application setup.

#Step-5
Accordingly , you have to choose the target objects that whether you want to specifically target some objects or attack all objects.
You will see the selected objects on the same page and you can also select deselect basis on percentage.

#Step-6
Next step is to select the Attack. So as part of Free Account , we have limited attacks available. In this attack , we will create Network -> Blackhole.
Then we will select some configurable values like Delay , Reboot and then click on Unleash Gremlin.

#Step-7 
In last step , we will see the progress of attack and its result.

These are the steps of creating very basic attack.

Network Gremlins
Network gremlins allow you to see the impact of lost or delayed traffic to your application. 
Test how your service behaves when you are unable to reach one of your dependencies, internal or external. Limit the impact to only the traffic you want to test by specifying ports, hostnames, and IP addresses.

Gremlin	Impact
Blackhole -> Drops all matching network traffic.
Latency -> Injects latency into all matching egress network traffic.
Packet Loss -> Induces packet loss into all matching egress network traffic.
DNS -> Blocks access to DNS servers.
