#Step-1 
Open your Gremlin Dashboard which was setup as part of Gremlin Setup document.

#Step-2
Visit the attack creation page to start testing your infrastructure.

#Step-3
On the Attack page , it will ask you to select Hosts , Containers or Kubernetes. You will get the result as per your infrastructure but as part of this setup ,
you will see some numbers coming up in Kubernetes. Select Kubernetes.

#Step-4
Under Kubernetes , select your application namespace that you created as part of application setup.

#Step-5
Accordingly , you have to choose the target objects that whether you want to specifically target some objects or attack all objects.
You will see the selected objects on the same page and you can also select deselect basis on percentage.

#Step-6
Next step is to select the Attack. So as part of Free Account , we have limited attacks available. In this attack , we will create Resource -> CPU.
Then we will select some configurable values like Length , CPU Capacity and Cores and then click on Unleash Gremlin.

#Step-7 
In last step , we will see the progress of attack and its result.

These are the steps of creating very basic attack.

Information about other attacks under Resource Category :

Resource Gremlins
Resource gremlins introduce chaos into your infrastructure so that you can observe how well your service handles it or fails.

Gremlin Attacks and their Impact
CPU	-> Generates high load for one or more CPU cores.
Memory -> Allocates a specific amount of RAM.
IO -> Puts read/write pressure on I/O devices such as hard disks.
Disk -> Writes files to disk to fill it to a specific percentage.

 


