Overview
A Scenario is a set of Status Checks and Gremlin attacks that you define with a name, description, hypothesis, and detailed results.  
Scenarios can be used to recreate a past outage that impacted your system, or it can be used to automate a sequence of attacks to iteratively 
grow the blast radius of a Chaos Engineering experiment.

##Creating a Scenario##

Name, Description, and Hypothesis
Create a Scenario by entering a name to identify your experiment. 
The description and hypothesis are optional for running the Scenario but help to describe and formulate how you expect your system to behave.

Status Checks
Add a Status Check to your Scenario to set up automatic halt conditions to safely stop the Scenario, validate your system is in a steady state, 
or validate your system returned to normal after an attack before continuing to expand the blast radius and magnitude of impact with an attack.

Attacks
Start crafting your Scenario by either adding a completed attack or by creating a new attack. 
Selecting the option to add a completed attack will show you a list of all attacks that have run in the past. 

Targets
Use tags to select targets for attacks within your Scenario. By default, no hosts or containers are selected.

Drafts & Archive
Save the Scenario to have it enter a draft state. The Scenario will be visible in the list of Scenarios and the attack configuration can continue to be edited.

Running a Scenario
To start running through the sequence of Status Checks and attacks defined in a Scenario, run the Scenario from either the Scenario configuration view.

Editing a Scenario
To edit a Scenario, open the Scenario you want to edit, and click on the “Edit Scenario” icon. You can also edit a Scenario from the Scenario list cards. 

Monitor scenarios in real time
The attack visualization feature is available for scenarios as well, allowing you to monitor the impact of the chaos experiments on your environment.

Results
The Scenario details view shows on which day and when the Scenario has been run. For each run of a Scenario, the result of the Scenario is available.

History
View the history of a Scenario by opening a Scenario and clicking on the “Runs” tab to see a historical list of previous runs.

