# Since we already know that Gremlin is not an open source tool and offer only limited attacks/functionalities with free account , so below steps only guide you
# how you can set up a free Gremlin Account. 

# First Step is to create a free Gremlin Account.

https://app.gremlin.com/signup -> You can signup with your Google or any other valid email address.

# After successful signup , second step is Retrieve Your Team ID and Secret Key

So Go To Settings page and under that Visit the Teams page in Gremlin, and then click on your team’s name in the list. On the Teams screen click on Configuration.

Make a note of your Team ID.

If you don’t know your Secret Key, you will need to reset it. Click the Reset button. You’ll get a popup reminding you that any running clients using the current Secret Key will need to be configured with the new key. Hit Continue.

Next you’ll see a popup screen that will show you the new Secret Key. Make a note of it.

So as part of step 2 , you have got your Team Id and Secret Key.

# Step 3 is to Install the Gremlin Client with Help

For doing the same , we will create a directory for Gremlin
cd Desktop
mkdir gremlin
cd gremlin

# Install the Gremlin Agent

The simplest way to install the Gremlin agent on your Kubernetes cluster is to use Helm. We have installed helm as part of prerequisite.

helm version --> Gives you the version of helm installed.

helm repo add gremlin https://helm.gremlin.com

#Create a namespace for the Gremlin Kubernetes client:

kubectl create namespace gremlin

# Next you will run the helm command to install the Gremlin client. 
# In this command there are three placeholder variables that you will need to replace with real data. 
# Replace $GREMLIN_TEAM_ID with your Team ID from step2, and replace $GREMLIN_TEAM_SECRET with your Secret Key from step 2. 
# Replace $GREMLIN_CLUSTER_ID with a name for the cluster.

# If you are using Helm v3, run this command:
helm install gremlin gremlin/gremlin \
    --namespace gremlin \
    --set gremlin.secret.managed=true \
    --set gremlin.secret.type=secret \
    --set gremlin.secret.teamID=$GREMLIN_TEAM_ID \
    --set gremlin.secret.clusterID=$GREMLIN_CLUSTER_ID \
    --set gremlin.secret.teamSecret=$GREMLIN_TEAM_SECRET
    
# For older versions of Helm, use the —name option:
helm install gremlin/gremlin \
    --name gremlin \
    --namespace gremlin \
    --set gremlin.secret.managed=true \
    --set gremlin.secret.type=secret \
    --set gremlin.secret.teamID=$GREMLIN_TEAM_ID \
    --set gremlin.secret.clusterID=$GREMLIN_CLUSTER_ID \
    --set gremlin.secret.teamSecret=$GREMLIN_TEAM_SECRET
    
    
# Now open your Gremlin Dashboard.

